[docs] Edits to Why Metro (#32101)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/why-metro.mdx

## Native asset exports

> Unlike traditional bundlers, where the end result is a fully hosted app, Metro can export bundles to embed as native artifacts in standalone app binaries. This leverages OS-specific optimizations such as `xcassets` on Apple platforms.

Author: ```suggestion
Unlike traditional bundlers, where the end result is a fully hosted app, Metro's configuration options support exporting bundles to embed as native artifacts in standalone app binaries. This leverages OS-specific optimizations such as `xcassets` on Apple platforms.
```
